Hello Centura and DynaSoft!
Unfortunately, I badly know the English language, I write you in Russian,
and the translation is made By the program - interpreter, therefore quality
of language will be most likely ridiculous, not Think that it is a joke - I
write very seriously!

I the engineer from Russia, me 26 years. I am interested by methods of
protection of the information (in particular software) from illegal copying.
On leisure has looked your creations - SQL NTServer7.0.0 and 7.5.1, CTD7.5.1.
Servers are written wonderfully, protection good, but in one place is very
unsuccessful decision, which, it is possible to tell, brings to nothing all
efforts. For many your potential clients in Russia the price 8008 $ for
UnLimit Connection is rather high, therefore many will prefer CrackVersion
(though it and extremely dangerously), if she(it) can easily be found. O'k,
I shall pass(proceed) directly to business: I offer you the cooperation,
namely, I can make testing of your software (or electronic) on efficiency of
protection from illegal copying. And also I have concrete offers on updating
your method of protection (TSF - File) to make it(him) by more effective, 
(more precisely to clean(remove) a very weak place in protection), because of
which it(he) loses the power. In a result the program becomes more protected 
and many fans(amateurs) free-of-charge (broken open copies) should all the 
same get legally, for money legal copies.

P.S. For acknowledgement(confirmation) of the words I send three EXE-Files. 
First of them [SetConnect] establishes quantity(amount) of the solved 
connections on NTServer 7.x.x., Second [GetUnLockCode] gives out Purchase 
UnLock Code for many last yours Products (and if to specify TSF-File, 
RegistrationNumber it is not necessary to enter - The program considers(counts)
from him(it) independently and enough to press "button", Third [TSFReader] -
reads a file of a TSF-format for the versions 7.x.x. Naturally, these programs
I did not distribute and I am not going! (in any case), As I want to emphasize,
that this mine hobby. Ask to not confuse me with hackers and crackers. I the 
supporter of honour earnings of money.

If suddenly you something will interest, I shall be glad to cooperation with 
you. In general, The variant - I is possible(probable) I shall be your 
non-staff employee in Russia. 
Write to me on www.                          with a mark " for Garry "
